README.md, before:

# Rain or Shine Your Cities Weather at the Click of a Button

## 1.Introduction

## 2.Project Goals

## 3.Reflection

## 4.Images of the Page Deployed

## 5.Deployment of the Page

## 6.Credits

### 1. Introduction

The scenerio is given that a traveler needs a weather outlook for multiple cities so that the traveler can plan a trip accordingly.

### 2. Project Goals

When a city is searched current and future conditions are given for that city. This includes current weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, wind speed, date and icon of the current weather conditions. The weather dashboard should also have a listing of cities previously searched for on the dashboard to local memory. To accomplish this I pulled the data openweathermap.org.  The majority of the code written for this assignment is in javascript and jquery. I am able to give a user friendly weather dashboard to be used on the go that looks similiar in form and function to the original.

### 3. Reflection

The skills learned in this exercise are vital to being able to manipulate a large data source and pull the material that is needed to pull from other API's. This is a vital skill for any web developer. I plan on designing other apps with API's to provide functionality from the data in these resources and use it to make something useful. This is an important skill in today's marketplace. I look forward to honing my skills and getting better in the future.

### 4. Images of the Page Deployed

The image below is the mockup used for duplication.

[png of mockup](assets/images/06-server-side-apis-homework-demo.png)

Commit message:

added pictures of the site as well as credits of resources used for making the project.

README.md, after:

# Rain or Shine Your Cities Weather at the Click of a Button

## 1.Introduction

## 2.Project Goals

## 3.Reflection

## 4.Images of the Page Deployed

## 5.Deployment of the Page

## 6.Credits

### 1. Introduction

The scenerio is given that a traveler needs a weather outlook for multiple cities so that the traveler can plan a trip accordingly.

### 2. Project Goals

When a city is searched current and future conditions are given for that city. This includes current weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, wind speed, date and icon of the current weather conditions. The weather dashboard should also have a listing of cities previously searched for on the dashboard to local memory. To accomplish this I pulled the data openweathermap.org.  The majority of the code written for this assignment is in javascript and jquery. I am able to give a user friendly weather dashboard to be used on the go that looks similiar in form and function to the original.

### 3. Reflection

The skills learned in this exercise are vital to being able to manipulate a large data source and pull the material that is needed to pull from other API's. This is a vital skill for any web developer. I plan on designing other apps with API's to provide functionality from the data in these resources and use it to make something useful. This is an important skill in today's marketplace. I look forward to honing my skills and getting better in the future.

### 4. Images of the Page Deployed

The image below is the mockup used for duplication.

![image of weather dashboard mockup](./assets/images/06-server-side-apis-homework-demo.png)

Here is the image on a blank page.

![blank image of deployed page](assets/images/Screen%20Shot%202021-10-04%20at%208.02.11%20PM.png)

![image of of the same search criteria entered](assets/images/Screen%20Shot%202021-10-04%20at%208.04.51%20PM.png)

### 5. Links to the Deployed Website

Click the following link to visit the web page. https://grave019.github.io/weather-dashboard/

### 6. Credits

This project used the following resources.

https://openweathermap.org

https://eloquentjavascript.net/

http://javascriptbook.com/

I would like to thank the students faculty and staff with Trinity Education Services and UCF bootcamp for helping to develop my skills.
